There is a jar of red pickles in here. Pickles are gross! I love pickles!
A single giant eraser sits in the drawer. The word 'pencil' is printed neatly on the side.
The drawer is stuck and won't open.
It's full of... tax papers? Gross...
A tedious tower of financing books.
It's covered in silly doodles of... lizard people? Say hello to the floor lizard paper!
A humdrum heap of financing books.
The deep black bark of this thing seems to absorb all of the light around it.
Notation on the financial implications of middle management.
These aren't even pens, they're just drawn onto the table!
This thing looks pretty grabby. Definitely don't want to go near it.
White letters on red paper... What kind of monster made this?
Books detailing the history of employees of the month. It's all the same guy until pretty recently.
The device whirrs to life with a happy jingle.
Some loose folders with scraps of paper strewn about.
A single sticky note is glued to the shelf...
The water cooler stands idly by waiting to hear untold stories of office life.
Small multi-colored papers litter the board. The words seem to shift as you try to read them.
A sock note is pinned to the board. Informative!
The handle rattles but the door remains unmoved.
A small keypad is stuck to the desk.
Where... Where am I...?
Baron...? Are you here...?
Dude... no.
A jar of nasties sits neatly in the drawer.
The jar of pickles evaporates.
The drawer lays empty and pickleless.
A picture of a pirate is in here. It has some strange writing on it. Lavender Beard
Cousin booktower is doing a bunch of quick maths.
Nephew booktower is a verified numbersmith.
Text rapidly displays on the screen.
Four of us there are but none of us the same.
Our favorite numbers block your path and muddle in your brain.
If you find you can't compete and would rather rest today.
You can always feed us seven ones and be right on your way.
Something clicks and the machine powers down.
It no longer functions.
Our first wolfs down food so fast he says he's ate instead of eating.
Our second is the mightiest they say he really gives a beating.
Our third is younger than the others he's barely come of age.
Our fourth and final is a forty where love has set the stage.
